[CaseM] update jira/snow syncing docs (#26465)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/case_management/create_notifications_and_third_party_tickets.md

### Jira

{{< img src="/service_management/case_management/settings/settings_jira.png" alt="Jira configuration options for case management settings" style="width:100%;" >}}

1. Ensure the Jira integration is configured.
1. In Case Management project settings, enable **Jira** for manual Jira issue creation from the project.
1. Select a Jira account, a project to create issues in, and the desired issue type (such as story, epic, bug, or task).
1. You can opt into the automatic creation of a Jira issue for each case created in the project.
1. For the following attributes—case title, description, assignee, comments, status, and priority—select one of the options below:
  | Option     | Description    |
  | ---  | ----------- |
  |Once to Jira at case creation|The field syncs from Case Management to Jira only at the time the case is created. Subsequent changes are not reflected on either side.|
  |Two-way sync (bi-directional)|Changes in Case Management are reflected in Jira, and vice versa|
  |Don't sync|The field does not sync to Jira.|
1. For case status and priority, select which values they map to on the Jira side.
1. Save changes.

> Ongoing two-way syncing requires [webhook support](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/jira/#configure-a-jira-webhook).
> 
> **Note**: A case can only be synced with one external resource at a time, per project. To enable Jira syncing, ServiceNow automatic creation and syncing must be disabled. At this time only cases using the core statuses of "Open", "In Progress" and "Closed" will properly sync with Jira.

Reviewer: Wasn't sure what "Ongoing" meant in this context, if it's referencing current syncing behavior, recommend removing. If this is a feature name, ignore my suggestion and leave it in!

```suggestion
**Notes**: 
- A case can only be synced with one external resource at a time, per project. To enable Jira syncing, ServiceNow automatic creation and syncing must be disabled. 
- Only cases using the core statuses of "Open", "In Progress" and "Closed" can sync with Jira.
- Two-way syncing requires [webhook support][3].
```

### ServiceNow

1. Configure the ServiceNow integration by following the [ITOM and ITSM setup instructions][2].
1. In Case Management project settings, enable ServiceNow for manual ServiceNow incident creation from the project.
1. Select a ServiceNow instance and assignment group.
1. You can opt into the automatic creation of a ServiceNow incident for each case created in the project.
1. For the following attributes—status, comments—select one of the options below:
  | Option     | Description    |
  | ---  | ----------- |
  |Once to ServiceNow at case creation|The field syncs from Case Management to ServiceNow only at the time the case is created. Subsequent changes are not reflected on either side.|
  |All updates to ServiceNow |Changes in Case Management are reflected in ServiceNow, but changes in ServiceNow are not reflected in Case Management.|
  |Two-way sync (bi-directional)|Changes in Case Management are reflected in ServiceNow, and vice versa.|
  |Don't sync|The field does not sync to ServiceNow.|
1. Select ServiceNow state values that Case Management status values should map to.
1. Save changes.

> **Note**: A case can only be synced with one external resource at a time, per project. To enable ServiceNow syncing, Jira automatic creation and syncing must be disabled. At this time only cases using the core statuses of "Open", "In Progress" and "Closed" will properly sync with ServiceNow.

Reviewer: This language implies a [future state](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#tense) which we try to avoid. Removed "at this time" to keep the docs in the present state. 

```suggestion
**Note**: A case can only be synced with one external resource at a time, per project. To enable ServiceNow syncing, Jira automatic creation and syncing must be disabled. Only cases using the core statuses of "Open", "In Progress" and "Closed" can sync with ServiceNow.
```
